#summary OpenGL window creation and keyboard/mouse input

== Description ==
The `Open`*GL* *O*`bject` *O*`riented` *T*`oolkit` is a library similar to SDL, GLFW, SFML, etc,<br/>
but it is quite different as its sole purpose is to create OpenGL windows, handle monitors and<br/>
capture keyboard & mouse input from the user. Everything else does not belong here.

Gloot uses some (heavily rewritten) code from GLFW 2.6 ( Camilla Berglund, http://glfw.sourceforge.net/ ).

== Features ==
 * Heavily rewritten GLFW 2.6 code( Object Oriented, optimized )
  * ..by now, there's not much left of the original code.
 * Create multiple windows
 * Create OpenGL 1,2,3,4 contexts
 * Window messages are handled in a different thread, which enables:
  * Moving and resizing windows without the game freezing
  * Smooth drawing without hickups
 * Do fast fullscreen toggle (without losing OpenGL context)
 * Use native or custom resolution.
 * Support for Multiple monitors (when you toggle fullscreen on the 2nd monitor, it will do it there.)
  * with some extra code on the client, dual monitor drawing should be no problem, maybe even tripple monitor?.
 * Possibility to change Gamma
 * Extended keyboard input code (more keys, simplified input handling)
 * RAW Mouse input ( Win32 ) and native input
 * Joystick code has been removed, working on a separate library for this purpose tho
 * Input is very basic, nothing is stored inside gloot, since you will store your own array mostly anyway.
  * Besides, sometimes it's good to have keyrepeating, for example in the menu, chat or developer console.
 * A seperate header file for input constants/interfaces, so you don't have to mix opengl headers into your gamelogic files.
 * Removed GLFW threading code for the most part, since there are way better libraries to perform multithreading out there.
 * Removed image loading, there are other libraries much better for that kinda stuff.
 * Full unicode (UTF-8) support

== Planned ==
 * Linux Support (work in progress)
 * Mac support (rewritten from scratch, the glfw mac code is not very popular within the mac community)
 * A few more demo applications
 * More optimizations

== List of authors ==
 * Santo Pfingsten (TTK-Bandit)
 * Some Code used from: [http://glfw.sourceforge.net/ Camilla Berglund]